# The Impact Wave

## Table of contents

- 1 🚀 [About](#about)
- 2 📋 [Getting Started](#start)
- 3 💻 [Usage](#usage)
- 4 ✨ [Development](#development)
- 5 💖 [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

<a name="About"></a>

### 1. About

The Impact Wave - https://theimpactwave.org "Unleash your generosity - Amplify your giving"

**Welcome to The Impact Wave**. We aim to be the first blockchain-based impact DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization)
dedicated to revolutionizing the funding and investment process for projects and initiatives in the realms of technical
development and NGOs.

We believe that the funding methods commonly used and implemented today are not sufficient to generate a greater impact
today than they did decades ago. Our research has shown that in our rapidly growing world, the typical grant funding scheme
fails to harness the power and speed necessary to significantly amplify the positive impact of projects and initiatives.
At the core of established grant funding processes is the belief that we invest for results. This common belief creates
dependencies for the actual impact makers (the change-makers who run the projects) who must a) struggle to secure funding, b)
prove results, and c) maintain funding for further growth. The problems of this approach for low-level, smaller, or start-up
initiatives can be listed as follows:

<ol>
  <li>Without a network (contacts and peers), no grant funding is available.</li>
  <li>Without a reputation and trust level, no network can be built.</li>
  <li>Grant funding is a tedious process, consuming a significant amount of time and effort.</li>
  <li>Funding is tied to specific purposes and results and cannot adapt to changes.</li>
  <li>Evaluation is not standardized and can become complex for small initiatives.</li>
  <li>Evaluation processes are overly technical or bureaucratic.</li>
  <li>There is a struggle to secure follow-up funding and keep initiatives operational.</li>
  <li>There is a low level of appreciation due to limited project visibility.</li>
</ol>

Our research has shown that obtaining funding and the way funding is tied to specific goals over time is the most significant
pain point for local change-makers. Therefore, we challenge the common belief:

**We invest in processes not just results**

We aim to continuously fund local change-making processes to generate the highest impact in the long run. We believe in the power,
vision, and engagement of our local change-makers and support their ongoing efforts by providing continuous appreciation funding not
tied to concrete results in time but linked to the positive impact "story" that our change-makers generate.

The impact story is the narrative that develops through the changes initiated by our local impact-makers and initiatives.
In a social and cultural context, the narrative of the entity advocating for change and the entities affected by the change
provide a realistic image of the positive impact generated by these changes.

We bridge the gap between on/off grant funding schemes, or better said, we close the grant funding gap and ensure the continuity
of local change-makers and initiatives. In doing so, we not only reduce the barriers to fully unleashing the potential for
impact but also encourage the peers and environment of local impact-makers to follow suit and foster a local "strive for positive change" culture.

We close the appreciation gap that traditional grant funding eventually creates and cannot or is unwilling to address.

More to come soon ...

